Meeting Notes:

Steve Lit Review:
4 SLAM options to look into
R tab
DVO 
RGBD
LSD SLAM

Need to figure out how SLAM data can be shared between quads
Sharing maps?
Tough to transmit and combine data
All methods create octomaps

Bryce Lit Review:
Planning on using the Pixhawk firmware currently

Prashant Lit Review:
Swarm flight

Looking into different autopilots:
Pixhawk- Seems like the best option, better hardware than APM
Picolo Nano- Restricted usage, expensive($2K)
APM- 

Drew Lit Review:
State Estimators
BYU paper
Use accelerometers to get velocity based on drag forces
Kalman filter with integrating visual odometry

Ed Lit Review:
Simulation tools (Simulink)
Physical mock up of quad is built to pull moment of inertias

Austin Lit Review:
(Over Achiever, made powerpoint, making us look bad)
Sensors for SLAM
Ultrasonic- cheap, light, De-conflict with TDMA
Lidar- Fixed or Spinning. Heavy and expensive. Planar scans
Radio Frequency- lightweight and low cost. COTs not necassarily available. fixed anchors
Monocular Vision- Cheap and Low processing. Good for hallways. Requires assumptions of environment
Stereo Vision- Low SWaP and cheap. Fast flight is possible. Used a lot for SLAM. Poor in low light conditions
RGBD- Works in low light. Suffers from blurring. Low SWaP. Lower processing. Good paper with details.

Gaussian-Pyramid Filtering for blur reduction.
Key Frames to help with mapping computation

Flight Speed- 
MIT hit 10 m/s iwth fixed wing indoor
MIT 8 m/s with quad but map was fully known
Stereo Group got 4 m/s

Novel Ideas?
-GPU/FPGA Acceleration for Vision/RGBD
-Improved RGBD to mitigate multi-sensor interference (Real-sense)
-Quad/UGV teaming for improved endurance
	it has been done somewhat
-V2V Localization
	distributed/mobile anchors
	not sure...

Issues with fast flight
-SLAM hasn't been used for fast flight
-Lighting conditions will be an issue


Requirements Overview
How good does the map need to be?
(See Updated Requirements List)

Everyone Read project charter tonight and give feedback

